um been going since since birth all
right a little bit hello how are you my
name is Jesse I got it I got this here
we go okay good all right that's fine
can I thank you hello so I'm moving down
I was gonna hang on with you so what
happens with people who have cerebral
palsy there's I don't know if you get my
website so there's a I think fault I
don't know if they explain this to you
an upper motor neuron and a low term or
lower motor neuron so the nerves go from
the brain down the spinal cord and then
there's another nerve that goes from the
spinal cord to the muscles okay so if
the bottom nerve what they call a loader
you know muscles are basically motors
right so if the bottom nerve gets cut or
something happens to it
the muscles go weak in classes all right
if the top nerve gets affected then the
muscles are then the lower nerve goes
nuts and that manifests as type muscle
the nerves are firing all the time so
the muscles get its best all right so
there's a guy who discovered that if you
stretch a nerve it stops working and if
you take the stretch off it starts
working
now there's three layers or three grades
three grades you can stretch the nerve
and then you take the stretch off and
there anything that starts working again
you can stretch the nerve enough so that
it damages the member end of the nerve
the outside of the nerve and then you
have to take the stretch off and keep it
off for three or four days maybe two
weeks somewhere between there and then
it starts working and there's things
that are ripped and cut and they're not
coming back all right
so usually especially in somebody young
it's just stretch so we're gonna get her
unstuck and what's happening is the
spine and nerves get stretched and so
she ends up like this
now there's adhesions you know that each
of those things that get stuck together
right
there's layers inside of her spine that
cover things and when they get stretched
they start to grow together and stick
together so you're gonna stretch her
real for we're going to start pulling
some of those apart and we're going to
put some of the bones back in a better
position and then what's gonna happen is
she's gonna be less fast now how much
she's going to improve how much of how
long it takes and how she goes I can't
tell you exactly because
and too many factors and you can't
scratch it off once Pascoe graduate by
degrees
yes yeah if you wanna stretch it all at
once you have three different parts here
yeah right but usually you'll see a
substantial response immediately
and you have to figure out which way to
go because we can't tell so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to stretch you
all the way around this way and we're
going to find out the fall for you okay
so we stretched this way this way you
notice her arm just what loser was stuck
out like this
scary when that happens she used a bunch
of noise things moving and you notice
her arms up let's see look at her
meaning she's got more control of her
hand and her fingers
remember before she was all my face
so the things that went missed so things
that were stretched now the stretch is
often all the sudden muscles you working
so if you stand her up a little bit she
was alright that's one even though even
though the next slide is a side affected
more some reason she's tighter in the
right man well she she she's doing
different things
she I've made enough change in her body
that she no longer knows exactly what's
going on you can bring her back you can
pick it so she no longer knows you know
it's like oh what's going on with my
body and all the sudden things are
moving that worth all that stuff and so
she's gonna have to get used to her body
being different yeah yeah now how much
this will disappear and how much it'll
stay depends on things she does sitting
sleeping and standing but if she
responds that well like immediately I
mean this is like a huge change you know
before should we had to drag her along
and she was on her
all that and she's actually picking
steps now sure